Update problem statement and dev plan (#256)
dimitritsampiras/olympian: docs/DevelopmentPlan/DevelopmentPlan.tex

\documentclass{article}

\usepackage{tabularx}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\setlength\parindent{0pt}
\title{Development Plan\\\progname}

\author{\authname}

\date{}

\input{../Comments}
\input{../Common}

\begin{document}
	
	\maketitle
	
	\begin{table}[hp]
		\caption{Revision History} \label{TblRevisionHistory}
		\begin{tabularx}{\textwidth}{|X|X|X|}
			\toprule
			\textbf{Date} & \textbf{Developer(s)} & \textbf{Change}\\
			\midrule
			24/09/22 & Jared Bentvelsen, Yuvraj Randhawa, Bassel Rezkalla & Initial draft of Problem Statement\\
			\midrule

> 			30/03/23 & Jared Bentvelsen, Yuvraj Randhawa, Bassel Rezkalla & Edits to Properly align with feedback and issues\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			30/03/23 &  William Lee & Edits to Properly align with feedback and issues\\
```

Reviewer: Nvm we'll just say everyone

			\bottomrule
		\end{tabularx}
	\end{table}
	
	
	\section{Team meeting plan}
	Team meetings will be conducted weekly on non-holiday Mondays at 4:30pm.
	Further meetings can be scheduled if needed.
	Meetings will be conducted in person at a McMaster bookable room or library unless specified otherwise.\\
	All Team members are expected to attend the Monday meeting unless specified on timely notice.\\
	Meetings will follow the meeting plan (agenda) created by Matthew McCracken. And adjustments to this plan may be recommended by other team members by giving Matthew Notice. It is Matthews responsibility to ensure high priority topics are covered during meetings.
	
	\section{Team communication plan}
	Common team communication and questions will be conducted on \textbf{Microsoft Teams}.\\
	Any online meetings will be conducted on \textbf{Microsoft Teams}. \\
	
	\section{Workflow plan}

> 	GitHub will be used for all workflow and version control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	GitHub will be used for all workflow and version control. GitHub Actions will also be used for spell checking Latex documents. Husky will be used with pre-commit hooks for linting and formatting code before it is committed and pushed to the repository
```
